# Dana-Recovery
Recovery in Abu Dhabi. We provide 24/7 recovery vehicles services and towing services. Call us for affordable car recovery services. We tow light and heavy vehicles quickly with at most care and professional service.   About Us ! line1 The story of Dana is the story of the Auto towing recovery and mobile truck cranes, Heavy Equipment in the U.A.E. Established in 1990, Dana began as a small, unknown organization in Abu Dhabi, in a remote corner of the country. Gradually the company grew to become U.A.E’s top auto towing recovery and crane rental provider. From the earliest starting point, Dana’s policy was to give quality machinery for society’s changing needs. We at Dana believe that machines exist to serve people and so our equipment must profit not only the company itself, but also our community, and the environment we all share.                          We are experts in car recovery and breakdown services, accident recovery, vehicle transportation, breakdown recovery, lifting and towing of light and heavy vehicles, leasing/renting of all sorts of equipment, etc. If your vehicle breaks or stops working, you can directly call us and we will pick your vehicle from your location to another location or garage. We provide vehicle maintenance and roadside assistance, repair services, secure vehicle storage, and car recovery. So, whether it’s a bus, bike, car, light commercial, coach or caravan that needs recovering – we can do it. We offer 24 x 7 services throughout the U.A.E and all other Gulf countries.  Our Mission ! line1 Dana is committed to concept of total quality management to enable maintaining its competitive edge. This means providing services which are fit for purpose, at a price commensurate with the purpose and in the most cost-effective and efficient manner.  
